I'm fine lieutenant
yuju whatever that's it ah right a bozo
by there's a kimchi King John o'clock on
his heels
well science is a byword which teams but
there's not a pegasi ensure that they
have the red silver I say to you Jeff
that there is wealthy but full of them
consider dollars for one thing as I
which she might ask you time but
Victoria Liz they play so question how
do you live on it I think Jack's there
you're in jazz I say well I - there was
a poet a golem I don't know boy say I
think when you're placing the money's
over there full of solid red rules like
you know I love love these ways your
place in the joy home I say they are see
need to buy a pegasi for the final chaps
and then when I'd father I say do Cap'n
Turbots
I say in the night this lie say it's all
final ding ding ding a cutting thick
they know the joy fell into the tea
would blow up our eyes and say why this
Gorge terrifying trigger their ideas if
I'm the orange team bobak toys who are
they'll check goodnight so doing night
so nice
right yes there you go chaps endeavours
like what else please so do subscribe
and I say well done to the earth to the
jolly good night and thanks once more to
that designer they wanna find Joe please
he doesn't leave me the photos that you
want more chance and there is a next
exciting but either Angeles